doc: change procedure in order to access grafana service (#1742)
scality/metalk8s: docs/quickstart/services.rst

You will first need the latest ``kubectl`` version installed on your host.

> From the bootstrap node, get the port used by Grafana:

Reviewer: Indeed, we can remove this section regarding Grafana's port, as it'll always be 3000.

> From the bootstrap node, get the Grafana pod name:

Reviewer: No need, see below.

.. code-block:: shell

>    user@your-host $ kubectl port-forward -n metalk8s-monitoring prometheus-operator-grafana-54b8dc5844-sf5x4 3000

Reviewer: Using a Service is sufficient for port-forwarding. Also, we need to specify the kubeconfig to use (which was retrieved locally just before):

```suggestion
   user@your-host $ kubectl --kubeconfig=./admin.conf port-forward -n metalk8s-monitoring svc/prometheus-operator-grafana 3000:<local_port>
```

If you want, you could leave the default `<local_port>` to 3000.

Author: @gdemonet the thing is grafana sevice port is now 80 (not anymore 3000) and you cannot use 80 for local port ... so what works on my env is the following: `kubectl --namespace metalk8s-monitoring port-forward svc/prometheus-operator-grafana 3000:80 --kubeconfig=/tmp/admin.conf`. works for you ?

> Then open your web browser and navigate to ``http://localhost:3000``

Reviewer: If you mention a `<local_port>` as suggested above, this would become:

```suggestion
Then open your web browser and navigate to ``http://localhost:<local_port>``
```
